Added note for capacity of source volume (#19140)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/storage/volume-pvc-datasource.md

    name: pvc-1
```

{{< note >}}

> The capacity value for `spec.resources.requests.storage` must be specified and must be >= the capacity of the source volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must specify a capacity value for `spec.resources.requests.storage`, and the value you specify must be the same or larger that the capacity of the source volume.
```

How about this wording?

Reviewer: @sujaypillai would you be willing to revise the PR along those lines?

> {{< /note >}}

Reviewer: I'm wondering what happens if you try to create a clone with a storage request that is too small. Does the API server reject the creation? Or does something else happen.

Reviewer: nit: the style guide recommends writing in the [active voice](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-active-voice).
